hello and welcome to my three-part
miniseries why Humanity needs a total
heart mind body and soul makeover and
what you can do about it hi my name is
Alana Moss I'm the owner of heart
Compass Enterprises the author of
metaphysics forlife.com and the creator
of the foundation for creating a mind
with
heart well we know that as humans today
we Face a lot of challenges we have have
in many ways divorced ourselves from
nature disconnected our hearts and Minds
from Divine inner guidance and we've
forgotten who we really are and many if
not most of us are feeling lost and
alone at least a times so then we look
outside ourselves for answers and
solutions and we're hoping to find
reconnection and inner peace maybe in
the next book we read or the lecture we
listen to or maybe a video that we watch
and we hope to find health and
well-being in the next diet or perhaps
superfood and we're hoping to find
ourselves by losing ourselves in the
next intimate relationship or hookup
well the problem is everything that we
experience out there is a reflection of
the inner condition of our own hearts
and minds and in my course for creating
a mind with heart which I call the total
heart mind body and soul makeover I talk
about how the mind is actually the space
time for all thoughts feelings ideas and
images to exist and your body which is
also a thought form given substance with
feeling is a communication device it's
perceiving what's in the mind and it's
sending feedback through your heart back
to source for correction it's kind of
like how your eyes work the image that's
perceived by your eyes at first it's
upside down and two-dimensional and then
that information is sent to the brain
for processing into a correct 3D
physical image and it's that 3D
holographic image that we call our
physical
reality well the images and feelings in
the mind are actually a projection of
light coming from Source being projected
through your soul now your soul is the
Perfect Image it's a blueprint intended
for your life and when the light of
spirit passes through the lens of your
soul into the SpaceTime of your mind it
creates at first an illusion of
Separation just like your eye at first
creates an upside down image this is a
necessary step it's the the first step
in creating your physical life
experience now if that illusion of
separation is being perceived by the
body and it's not sent back through the
heart to source for processing then
you're going to experience physical life
as separate we'll feel separate from
nature from God from each other from
everything now when that feedback loop
is completed the body perceives the
illusion it sends it back to source for
correction and then it receives the
correct image via the heart then we
experience the feeling of connection we
feel connected to Nature God each other
to life and also we remember who we
really are now this feeling of
connection it's known to be the most
powerful and the most reliable source of
happiness for our life so anyway how did
I come to discover all of this well I
didn't read it in a book I didn't learn
about it in a lecture or a workshop what
I'm talking about here it can't be
learned it has to be
experienced now many many years ago um
when I was in college I was struggling
with depression I attempted suicide
several times I had physical health
problems relationship problems and I
didn't know it at the time but later
when I was 40 years old I was diagnosed
with posttraumatic stress disorder now
PTSD happens when memories of a
traumatic event result in inappropriate
responses and reactions to current life
experiences now all of us have PTSD to
one extent or another in fact it's so
Universal that only extreme examp
examples of
PTSD like what happens in War veterans
or survivors of terrorist attacks are
even recognized as being
unhealthy but the truth is PTSD occurs
whenever the illusion of separation is
experienced and we lack the inner skills
and the knowledge to complete that
physical creation process we get stuck
in the illusion and we never get to
experience the original in tended images
and feelings the ones that are stored in
our soul and projected into the mind
with the light of spirit from Source now
imagine if the brain didn't correct the
two-dimensional upside down image that's
created when light passes through the
lens of your eye you would experience a
flat upside down physical reality one
that would be similar but highly
distorted image of what's originally
intended well something very similar
happens when our body perceives the
illusion of separation and the Brain
creates a physical life experience that
reflects that illusion we're seeing a
highly distorted image an image that
creates feelings of fear and loneliness
and anger hatred and even
despair so how and why this disruption
of the perception of our physical life
experience occurred is a long and
complicated story and I don't have time
to get into that here but once that
disruption happened a plan was set into
motion to correct that error well it
wasn't really an error it was a choice
but it's one that's had severe negative
consequences for us many of us feel that
this is a time when Humanity faces the
ultimate crisis we can either wake up
now realize what's actually happened and
correct it or or we can stay asleep and
experience the final outcome of the
ultimate illusion of separation and it's
a choice well One Direction could lead
to an experience of physical reality as
as uh heaven on Earth the other would
land us back at zero point with Source
where individual separate life
experience doesn't exist we would forget
everything that we've experienced in
physical reality a lot like we forget
our dreams when we wake
up now neither option is bad but the
first one is an expansion of reality of
spirit or Source into physical reality
while the latter is a collapse back to
Source but anyway getting back to my
life and where I get all these crazy
ideas After experiencing a lifetime of
rather severe post-traumatic stress
disorder I started looking for Solutions
now I came across lots of crazy stuff
most of it was oriented towards leaving
this physical world behind you know cuz
it's an illusion right but I had
attempted suicide more than once and I
knew that that's not what I wanted I
didn't want to leave this world So
eventually I discovered Abraham Hicks
and The Law of Attraction from this I
learned a lot a great deal about the
nature of our life experience and then
when the movie The Secret came out I was
overwhelmed by the emphasis on getting
more stuff I mean I knew in my heart
that big houses expensive cars and tons
of money they weren't what my soul
intended for my life I wanted to
experience the life my heart desired and
I would go to sleep at night asking God
or the universe to help me find a way to
do that well one morning I woke up with
something that I now call the heart
compass life navigation system for
creating a mind with heart and it was
fully formed in my mind so I went out
bought a few office supplies that I
didn't have and I started performing the
steps that were clearly outlined in my
mind well the results well they were so
mindblowing that I became really really
excited but unlike a lot of Law of
Attraction and manifestation gurus I
didn't suddenly like become a million
there or go get a great car or find my
soulmate but my health that did improve
immediately and I was glowing with joy
and that's what other people noticed now
what I've learned through much practice
and a lot of persistence is that even in
the face of what appeared to be a great
loss the life navigation system it's
about correcting our perception it's not
about getting what we think we want
using a law of attraction to get what we
think we want it ultimately leads to
loss because Law of Attraction requires
that we attract something that appears
to be separate from us that illusion of
Separation the ability to lose something
that's separate from us it's built right
into that equation so life navigation
and creating a mind with heart it's the
opposite of that it helps us realize
that everything we experience in life is
our already connected to us and by
completing the heart mind body and soul
feedback loop of creation we can
transform anything in physical reality
into the experience of Heaven on Earth
that it was originally intended to be
that Perfect Image stored in the
blueprint of your
soul so am I saying that creating a mind
with heart with the life navigation
system means that you won't get what you
think you want well maybe you might get
something that you never could have
imagined something that satisfies your
heart and your soul or you might get
what you think you want and then be
given the opportunity to transform that
into the heaven on Earth that it was
originally intended to be for your life
well one thing that I know for sure once
you let the universe know that you are
one that is willing to remember the
heart mind body Soul feedback loop of
creation you will be given life
experiences that are in dire need of
transformation now let's face it
humanity is in crisis health issues the
economy the environment politics hey
everything it's in turmoil right now but
how these issues are resolved that's
going to depend on how we as humans are
perceiving our
reality now in part two of why Humanity
needs a total heart mind body Soul
makeover and what you can do about it
I'm going to demonstrate how I use the
heart Compass life navigation system and
I'm going to talk about how and why it
works and then in part three I'll show
you how I integrate the life navigation
system with other heart-c centered
healing techniques so you get even more
powerful and faster results so no matter
what you're into right now you don't
need to change anything life navigation
it's an add-on it can help fill the gaps
in other forms of spiritual metaphysical
healing scientific knowledge and
techniques that you might have or know
about right now okay so I'll see you
next time in part two for a guided tour
and demonstration of the heart Compass
life navigation system for creating a
mind with heart thanks for joining me
bye